1. if $\lim_{k \rightarrow \infty} a_k = 1$ is true, then what can be said about $\sum_{k =1}^{\infty} a_k$?
	- by the divergence test , the series diverges
2. if $\sum_{k = 1}^{\infty} a_k = 10000$ is true, then what can be said about $\lim_{k \rightarrow \infty} a_k$?
	- by the divergence test, $\lim_{k \rightarrow \infty} a_k = 0$
3. if a series of positive terms converges, does it follow that the remainder $R_n$ must decrease to zero as $n \rightarrow \infty$? explain.
	- $R_n must decrease to zero because $\lim_{n \rightarrow \infty} R_n = \lim_{n \rightarrow \infty} (\sum_{k = 1}^{\infty} a_k - \sum_{k = 1}^n a_k) = 0$
4. use the divergence test to determine whether the following series diverges or state that the test it inconclusive. $\sum_{n = 0}^{\infty} \frac{n}{11n^3 + 1}$
	- = $\lim_{n \rightarrow \infty} \frac{n}{12n^7 + 1}$
	- = $\lim_{n \rightarrow \infty} \frac{\frac{1}{n^2}}{11 + \frac{1}{n^3}}$
	- = $\lim_{n \rightarrow \infty} \frac{0}{11 + 0}$
	- = 0
	- since $\lim_{n \rightarrow \infty} \frac{n}{12n^7 + 1} = 0$, the divergence test is inconclusive. remember that the divergence test cannot prove a series converges, even if the limit of the terms equals zero. 
5. use the divergence test to determine whether the following series diverges or state that the test it inconclusive. $\sum_{k = 0}^{\infty} \frac{3}{1100 + 2k}$
	- since $\lim_{n \rightarrow \infty} \frac{3}{1100 + 2k} = 0$, the divergence test is inconclusive. remember that the divergence test cannot prove a series converges, even if the limit of the terms equals zero. 
6. use the divergence test to determine whether the following series diverges or state that the test it inconclusive. $\sum_{n = 0}^{\infty} \frac{n^5}{2n^5 + 1}$
	- = $\lim_{n \rightarrow \infty} \frac{n^5}{2n^5 + 1}$
	- = $\lim_{n \rightarrow \infty} \frac{1}{2 + \frac{1}{n^5}}$
	- = $\lim_{n \rightarrow \infty} \frac{1}{2 + 0}$
	- = $\frac{1}{2}$
	- since $\frac{1}{2} \neq 0$, by the divergence test, the series diverges
7. use the divergence test to determine whether the following series diverges or state that the test is inconclusive. $\sum_{k = 2}^{\infty} \frac{7k}{ln \, 4k}$
	- $\lim_{k \rightarrow \infty} \frac{7k}{ln \, 4k}$
	- according to the divergence test, the series diverges because $\lim_{k \rightarrow \infty} a_k  = \infty$
8. use the divergence test to determine whether the following series diverges or state that the test is inconclusive. $\sum_{k = 1}^{\infty} \frac{3k^9}{k!}$
	- the divergence test is inconclusive
9. use an appropriate test to determine whether the following series converges. $\sum_{k=1}^{\infty} \frac{\sqrt{k^2 + 6}}{k}$ 
	- $\lim_{k \rightarrow \infty} \frac{\sqrt{k^2 + 6}}{k}$
	- = $\lim_{k \rightarrow \infty} \frac{k\sqrt{1+ \frac{6}{k^2}}}{k}$
	- = $\lim_{k \rightarrow \infty} \sqrt{1+ \frac{6}{k^2}}$
	- = $\lim_{k \rightarrow \infty} \sqrt{1 + 0}$
	- = 1
	- since $\lim_{k \rightarrow \infty} \frac{\sqrt{k^2 + 6}}{k} = 1 \neq 0$, the series diverges
10. determine whether the following series converges or diverges. $\sum_{k=1}^{\infty} \sqrt{\frac{4k^5 - 1}{k^5}}$
	- $\lim_{k \rightarrow \infty} \sqrt{\frac{4k^5 - 1}{k^5}}$
	- = $\lim_{k \rightarrow \infty} \sqrt{4 - \frac{1}{k^5}}$
	- = $\lim_{k \rightarrow \infty} \sqrt{4 - 0}$
	- = 4
	- since $\lim_{k \rightarrow \infty} \sqrt{\frac{4k^5 - 1}{k^5}} \neq 0$, the series diverges
11. determine whether the following series converges or diverges. $\sum_{k=0}^{\infty} \frac{6k}{\sqrt{k^2 + 1}}$
	- $\sqrt{k^2 + 1} \approx \sqrt{k^2}$
	- $\lim_{k \rightarrow \infty} \frac{6k}{\sqrt{k^2}}$
	- = $\lim_{k \rightarrow \infty} \frac{6k}{k}$
	- = 6
	- since $\lim_{k \rightarrow \infty} \frac{6k}{\sqrt{k^2}} \neq 0$, the series diverges
12. use a convergence test of your choice to determine whether the following series converges or diverges. $\sum_{k=1}^{\infty} \frac{2k^4 + 5}{\sqrt{3k^8 + 7}}$
	- $\lim_{k \rightarrow \infty} \frac{2k^4 + 5}{\sqrt{3k^8 + 7}}$
	- = $\lim_{k \rightarrow \infty} \frac{2 + \frac{5}{k^4}}{\sqrt{3 + \frac{7}{k^8}}}$
	- = $\lim_{k \rightarrow \infty} \frac{2 + 0}{\sqrt{3 + 0}}$
	- = $\frac{2}{\sqrt{3}}$
	- since $\lim_{k \rightarrow \infty} \frac{2k^4 + 5}{\sqrt{3k^8 + 7}} \neq 0$. the series diverges
13. use a convergence test of your choice to determine whether the following series converges or diverges. $\sum_{n=1}^{\infty} 5n \sin {\frac{6}{n}}$
	- $\sin{\frac{6}{n}} \approx \frac{6}{n}$ 
	- $\lim_{k \rightarrow \infty} 5n \frac{6}{n}$
	- = 30
	- since $\lim_{k \rightarrow \infty} 5n \sin {\frac{6}{n}} \neq 0$, the series diverges
14. for what values of​ a, if​ any, does the series shown below​ converge? $\sum_{n=1}^{\infty} \frac{a}{n+1} - \frac{6}{n+3}$
	- since harmonic series, a = 6

